Update Documentation (#7)
ministryofjustice/pttp-infrastructure: documentation/performance_benchmarks.md

# Benchmarks

We have written a module called `api_gateway_load_test` which is able to simulate logs being sent to
the custom logging API. By default, it is disabled, but it can be enabled by setting a `TF_VAR_enable_load_testing`
environment to true. This will cause a large number of EC2 instances to be spun up, each of which will hammer the
gateway with requests for a short period of time. The parameters for the load test are set in the main terraform file

> where the `api_gateway_load_test` is used. A report of our initial load tests can be found [here](documentation/load_test_report_16th_july_2020/Logging_API_load_test.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
where the `api_gateway_load_test` is used. A report of initial load testing can be found [here](documentation/load_test_report_16th_july_2020/Logging_API_load_test.md)
```
